we open for autographs looking probably
just to base them a bunch of base cards
all right Toby yeah
my BAE and Yuri got game okay we're
gonna see these two for laughs rule is
first here's the key
for starters of Larry Johnson what a one
autograph dual patch four or five
sweeper for do as an awesome curve that
is an awesome car LJ next card is a Roy
Hibbert Auto patch three of five we've
got two of five two five number two five
so far we're hoping for the Emerald pack
where all cards are number two five Don
Nelson honey
number two ten Sam Jones autograph 205
you know sue greatest 50 right there
that's jay-z Thomas oh sweet that's a
number 205 as well man
yeah Isaiah gotta love him
Brandon Jennings 12:20 we got a big name
here we got an for any Hardaway number
315 autograph is that holy crap Adam
what was he drafted number he was he was
at the door dropping for being a 101 and
a Clyde Drexler autograph number 10 of
10 we know that okay guys so then we've
got the base card left on this side and
the other that's a sweet part of the to
see a little bit of stitch and the base
card guys the base card we're looking
for rookies or LeBrons or something else
ooh Gordon
all right so box number one